[tune] Add support for function-based stopping condition (#5754)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune-usage.rst

    tune.run(f)

Custom Stopping Criteria
------------------------

> You can control when trials are stopped early by passing the ``stop`` argument to ``tune.run``. If a dictionary is passed in, the keys may be any field in the return result of 'train()', whichever is reached first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control when trials are stopped early by passing the ``stop`` argument to ``tune.run``. This argument takes either a dictionary or a function. 

If a dictionary is passed in, the keys may be any field in the return result of `tune.track.log` in the Function API or `train()` (including the results from `_train` and auto-filled metrics).
```

> In the example below, each trial will be stopped either when it completes 10 iterations or when it reaches a mean accuracy of 0.98.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, each trial will be stopped either when it completes 10 iterations OR when it reaches a mean accuracy of 0.98. Note that `training_iteration` is an auto-filled metric by Tune.
```

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: I think you need a space below, and indent by 4

  tune.run(
    my_trainable,
    stop={"training_iteration": 10, "mean_accuracy": 0.98}
  )

For more flexibility, you can pass in a function instead. If a function is passed in, it must take ``(trial_id, result)`` as arguments and return a boolean (``True`` if trial should be stopped and ``False`` otherwise).

You can use this to stop all trials after the criteria is fulfilled by any individual trial:

.. code-block:: python

>   class Stopper:

Reviewer: space, indent
